1)
The function server_connection_init(), implemented in babble_server_implem.c. Called line 219 in server.c

2)
The function server_connection_accept(), implemented in babble_server_implem.c. Called line 228 in server.c. For now, only one at a time. (finished one iteration of while loop when no more commands to process, then accepts a new client). (+ all of the code until the while loop for processing commands handles login / registration...)

3)
New command struct is created to store it. message is parsed into a command. 
Command is processed. An anwser is issued back to the client.

4) 
With a LOGIN message, we don't yet know to which client we should associate it.

5) 
It keeps track of the registered clients (and their relevant information, messages, key, name, socket...)
SHARED DATA HERE :D

6)
Keys are used to identify the clients instead of their ID (because that can contain characters so is a pain to manipulate).

7)
we wait for the command to be processed, and then run anwer-command. This might do nothing, send and anwser, or send multiple answers if TIMELINE.


8)
Get info relevant to the command from the registration table, access the message containting the id of the client we want to follow.
MOAR SHARED STUFF :D
Get the corresponding key, add the key value to our array of followed clients.

9)
Lookup keys of followed clients. For each of them, get the new publications (older than the previous call to TIMELINE, and up to current TIMELINE call time.

10)
network_send and network_recv (in babble_communication.h).
return values are the total number of bytes actually sent, and size of buffer allocated to store the data.
(or -1 on error)



timeline gets new posts erry'body i follow

IMPORTANTE
Yup need locks on each client.
Might not need to protect as many accesses as we think. 

how to join threads?

ORDERING: login and RDV. others can be run whenever

list of RDV counters (locked);
start with one rdv_node, with no timestam, pointer set to it, increment it's counter
when get new rdv, create the timestamp in current node, THEN create new node, and in future, use it's counter (set ptr to it)
CommThread: when i have a publish, increment rdv counter[nbRDV]
Execthread: when i process a PUBlish, decrement the RDV counter s.t RDV node is first node with bigger timestamp than publish timestamp
to do this, we need timestamp in command struct + timestamp in RDV_list_node; which are set by commThread

RDV_list_node:
	nb PUBS
	RDV_requested time
